This is a reference for the STIG Findings:ID noted in the Win10 hardening scripts

WN10-00-000010: Domain-joined systems must have a Trusted Platform Module (TPM) enabled and ready for use. 
This is one of the pre-reqs for 'credential guard' to be enabled properly. 
Credential Guard uses virtualization based security to protect secrets that could be used for credential theft. 

WN10-CC-000315: The windows installer ALWAYS install with elevated privliages must be disabled. 
Standard users accounts must not be granted elevated priv. Enable windows installer to elevate priv when installing 
applicaitons can allow for malicious persons and applications to gain full control of a system. 

WN10-CC-000320: Users must be notified if a web-based program attempts to install software. 
Web-based programs may attempt to install malicious software on a system. Ensuring that users are notified if a web-based program 
attempts to install software allows them to refuse the install 

WN10-CC-000325: Automatically signing in the last interactive user after a system-init restart must be disabled
Windows can be configured to automatically sign the user back in after a Windows Update restart. Some protections are in place to help
ensure this is done in a secure fasion; however disabling this will prevent 
the caching of credentials for this purpose and also ensure the user is aware of the restart. 

WN10-CC-000330: The windows remote management client must not use basic auth. 
Basic auth uses plain text passwords that could be used to compromise a system

WN10-CC-000335: The windows remote managament client must not allow uncenrypted traffic. 
Unencrypted remote access to a system can allow sensitive info to be compromised. Windows remote management connections 
must be encrypted to prevent this. 

WN10-CC-000340: OneDrive must only allow sync of accounts for DoD org instances. 
OneDrive provides access to external services for data storage which must be restricted to authorized instances if enabled. 
COnfiguring this will restrict sync of OneDrive accounts to DoD org instances. 

WN10-CC-000345: The windows remote management service must not use basic auth. 
Basic authentication uses plain text passwords that could be used to compromise a system. 

WN10-CC-000350: The windows remote management service must not allow unencrypted traffic. 
Unencrypted remote access to a system can allow sensitive information to be compromised. Windows remote management 
connections must be encrypted. 

WN10-CC-000355: The windows remote management service must not store RunAs credentials. 
Storage of administration credentials could allow unauthorized users access. Disallow the storage of RunAs credentials for Windows 
Remote Management will prevent them from being used with plug-ins. 

WN10-AU-000500: The application event log size must be configured to 32768 KB or greater. 
Log size can fill up quickly. This may prevent audit events from being recorded properly and require frequent attn by admins. 

WN10-AU-000505: The security event log size limt must be configured to 1024000 KB or greater 
Log size can fill up quickly. This may prevent audit events from being recorded properly and 
require frequent attn by admins. 

WN10-AU-000510: The system even log size must be configured to 32768 KB or greater. 
Log size can fill up quickly. They may prevent audit events from being recorded properly and 
require attn by admins. 

WN10-CC-000005: Camera access from the lock screen must be disabled. 
Enabling camer access from the lock screen could allow for unauthorized use. Require login to ensure 
the deivce is only used by authorized people. 

WN10-CC-000010: The display of slide shows on the lock screen must be disabled. 
Slids shows that are displayed on the lock screen could display sensitive information to unauthorized 
people. Turning this feature off will limit access to the information to a logged on user. 

WN10-CC-000020: IPv6 source routing must be configured to highest protection. 
Configuring the system to disable IPv6 source routing protects against spoofing. 

WN10-CC-000025: The system must be configured to prevent IP source routing. 
Confing the system to disable IP source routing protects against spoofing. 

WN10-CC-000030: The system must be configured to prevent ICMP redirects from overriding Open Shortest
Path First generated routes. 
Allowing ICMP redirects of routes can lead to traffic not being routed properly. When disbaled this 
forces ICMP to be routed cia shortes path first. 

WN10-CC-000035: The system must be configured to ignore NetBIOS name release requests except from WINS 
servers. 
Config the system to ignore name release requests except form WINS servers, prevents DoS attacks. 

WN10-CC-000040: Indirect logons to an SMB server must be disabled. 
Insecure guest logons allow unauthenticated access to shared folders. Shared resources on a system must 
require authentication to establish access. 

WN10-CC-000050: Hardened UNC Paths must be defined to require mutual authentication and integrity for 
at least the \\*SYSVOL and \\*NETLOGON shares. [reference: https://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/8548.active-directory-sysvol-and-netlogon.aspx]

WN10-CC-000055: Simultaneous connectoins to the internet or a windows domain must be limited. 
Multiple network connections can provide additional attack vectors to a system and must be limited. 
This setting prevents systems from automatically establishing multiple connections. When both wired and 
wireless connections are available for example the less preddered connection (typically wireless) will 
be disconnected. 

WN10-CC-000060: Connections to non-domain networks when connected to a domain authenticated network 
must be blocked. 
Multiple network connections can provide additional attack vectors to a system and should be limited
When connected to a domain communications must go through the domain connection. 

WN10-CC-000065: Wifi sense must be disabled 
Wifi sense automatically connects the system to known hotspots and networks that contacts have shared. 
it allows the sharing of systems known networks to contacts. Auto connecting to hotspots and shared 
networks can expose a system to unsecured or potentially mal systems. 

WN10-CC-000037: Local admin accounts must have their privliaged token filtered to prevent elevated privliagesfrom being 
used over the network on domain systems. 
a compromised local admin account can provide means for an attacker to move latterly between 
domain systems. With the User Account Control enabled filtering the privliaged token for built-in admin
accounts will prevent the elevated privliages of these accounts from being used over the network 

WN10-CC-000085: Early launch antimalware, boot-start driver init policy must prevent boot drivers ID'ed as bad. 
Compromised boot drivers can introduce malware prior to protection mechanisms that load after init. The early launch 
antimalware driver can limit allowed drivers based on classifications determined by the malware protection application. 
At a minimum drivers determined to be bad must not be allowed. 

WN10-CC-000090: Group policy objects must be reprocessed even if they have not changed. 
Enabling this steeing and then selecting the "process even if the group policy objects have not changed" option ensures
that the policies will be reprocessed even if none have been changed. This way any unauthorized changes are forced to match the 
domain-based group policy settings again. 

WN10-CC-000100: Downloading print driver packages over HTTP must be prevented. 
Some features may communicate with the vendor sending system info or downloading data or components for the feature. 
Turning off this capibility will prevent potentially sensitive information from being sent outside the enterprise and uncontrolled 
updates to the system. 
This setting prevernts the computer from downloading print driver packages over HTTP

WN10-CC-000015: Automatic logins must be disabled 
Allowing systems to auto login when the machine is booted could give access to any unauthorized user who restarts the computer 
auto login with admin privliages would give full access to an unauthorized user. 

WN10-CC-000105: Web publishing and online ordereing wizards must be prevented from downloading a list of providers. 
Some features may communicate with the vendown sending system info or downloading data or components for the feature. Turing off the 
capalbility will prevent potentially sensitive information from being sent outside the org. 

WN10-CC-000110: Printing over HTTP must be prevented. 
Some features may communicate with the vendor sending system information or downloading data or components of a feature. 
This setting prevents the client computer from printing over HTTP which allows the computer to print to printers or to printers over the 
internet. 

WN10-CC-000115: Systems must at least attempt device authentication using certs 
Using certs to authenticate devices to the domain provides increased security over passwords. By default systems will attempt to authenticate 
using certs and fall back to passwords if the domain controller does not support certs for devices. 
This may also be configured to always use the certificates for device auth. 

WN10-CC-000120: Network selection UI must not be displayed on the logon screen 

WN10-CC-000130: Local users on domain joined computers must not be enumerated. 
The username is one part of login creds. Preventing the enum of users limits leaking this info. 

WN10-SO-000030: <<<< start here tomorrow